November 11, 2012
Matt: Hey guys I know you all had something going on today so I was just gonna see if you guys wanted to meet at 8 at the lab? 
Bob: That works for me
Ryan: Anyway we could move it back to 8:30-9?
Ryan: And do we know what we are using to create the UI snapshots?
Matt: That's fine with me if that works for everyone else?
Bob: That's fine with me. As far as the software goes I'm not sure.  I have the entire adobe cs5 flash suite on my computer we can use flash to do it if we don't find anything else
Ryan: Alright sounds good
Matt: Okay then I'll be in the lab at 830 just get there when you can I'm still playing around with some different software so we can decide it then

November 12, 2012
Ryan: Are we turning in a hard copy of our interface?
Matt: Yeah I'm gonna print out a screen shot as well as the interview answers due today
Ryan: Alright perfect. Just making sure

November 14, 2012
Matt: Hey guys my Mac broke on my today so I don't know how long I wont have a laptop for. I just wanted to remind you guys if you use any references or any terminology like abbreviations in your parts of the SRS just pass those along to me separately with your part. Also I was trying to find a good example of a SRS document that we could all follow so were all on the same page of what it's gonna look like but since I can't send out emails tonight I was just wondering if you guys found any that you like and were kind of following that you wanted to send out to the group.  I'll be in the lab tomorrow working on my section so if not I will send one out tomorrow. If you have questions let me know. Thanks
Bob: Sounds good. I'll be at the lab tomorrow too.

November 18, 2012
Ryan: Hey guys, Bobby and I are going to meet at the lab today at 1 to go over the prototype a little more. If you guys want, you can meet us there. Did we want to try and have a meeting later tonight? Or do you think we are ok
Matt: I can't meet at 1 but I was gonna say I'll be in the lab at like 6 working on the SRS. I don't really think we need to meet today unless you guys are gree to work a little more on the prototype but I feel like we still have a lot of time to get that done. Up to you guys, I'll be there if you want to come.
Matt: Hey guys I only got Ryan's part so far I'm just wondering how your parts are coming?
Bob: I'm pretty much done with my part. Just polishing it up. Are you going to be at the lab tonight or no?
Matt: Yeah I'm gonna grab some food and should be there within the hour.

November 24, 2012
Matt: Hey guys I think it would be beneficial to meet up sometime this week and work on the prototype so idk if you guys wanted to try and meet tomorrow night or if later in the week would be better? Let me know what works best for your guys
Bob: Tomorrow I can meet around 7..but I can also meet any day of the week too.
Ryan: Same here. Post in this forum tomorrow when you get back to east lansing so we can decide on a time to meet.

November 25, 2012
Matt: Hey guys I say lets just shoot to meet around 7 or 730 to work on the prototype and just see how far we get.
Bob: I'm still in Ann Arbor I can make it there a little later tonight around 9
Ryan: I can do either
Matt: Okay well sounds like meeting tonight might be complicated can you guys meet Wednesday night at 730? We will probably also have to meet Thursday depending on what we have to do for this video but I'm assuming its gonna depend on this prototype working
Bob: Yes I can meet wednesday. I will work on the prototype more before then
Ryan: Alright. I downloaded adobe flash cs6 free from the web. I'm going to start trying to write some classes in it.
Matt: Okay you guys all know but just gonna reiterate the plan is me Ryan and David are going to meet 8 and then Bob just come at 9.
Bob: I'll be there at 830

November 28, 2012
Ryan: Hey guys I made really good headway with the prototype last night. I got it set up so we don't need XML. Everything is in actionscript. I'll show you guys what it's looking like either before or after class today.

November 29, 2012
Bob: I'll be at the lab in 20 minutes (it's 545 right now)

November 30, 2012
Bob: The prototype is live

December 2, 2012
Bob: The new version of the prototype is on the site now.
Ryan: Sweet. I got the braking working for all scenarios, error checking for the inputs and am working on the graphs now. Bob, if I email you the update version tonight, could you have it on the site before presentation?
Bob: Yea no problem. We also have the braking working for all scenarios. What do you guys wanna do? Ryan do you still want the files you asked me for?
Matt: Just keep what we have now. Ryan just wants to take a look at what we did so send him the new files.
Ryan: Yeah. I wrote some input error checking that I want to get in there

December 3, 2012
Matt: Hey guys I just sent over the PowerPoint slides let me know if you want me to change anything. Also for the demonstration I figured both Ryan and David could go over that point. David explaining mostly what's going on with the algorithm. Let me know what you guys think will work the best
Bob: So I guess I'll just put Ryan's version on the site
Ryan: I have a podcast of our presentation as well. It's 11 minutes long.

December 4, 2012
Bob: Hey guys I updated the site requiring a password for accessing the local info section (instead of username and password). The password is apcaspss21.

December 6, 2012
Bob: Hey guys, I got the website updated with the bibliography and new prototype.  I am working on finishing up the SVN now.  Let me know if you
have any questions!
Matt: Thanks Bob! I am currently updating the project description and project background. I will send that over to you when I am done.
Bob: Hey guys we updated the website with all necessary artifacts.  Could you please go through the website and test out all the links and
overall functionality?  Let me know if you come across any issues.  Thanks!

Bob: Test
December 7, 2012
bob: test
bob: test222
